Add oVirt docs (#5088)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_prerequisites-for-ovirt-provisioning.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="prerequisites-for-ovirt-provisioning"]
= Prerequisites for oVirt provisioning

[role="_abstract"]

> Before you can provision cloud instances on oVirt, ensure that your environment meets the following requirements.

Reviewer: From what little I understand, "cloud instances" doesn't apply to oVirt. I might be wrong though.

```suggestion
Before you can provision virtual machines on oVirt, ensure that your environment meets the following requirements.
```

Author: Yes, applied.
